well things to be run again
there's a PCV valve in and that same
cures are buzzing
that's weird I never heard one do that
before let's just go
well you guys won't go for a spin around
the block
damn camera don't know what to focus on
a lots right
sure wish I knew what air conditioner
won't work
there's not a button separate button on
this one it's a race this car doesn't
have bevels I'm like all the rest of
them didn't see a half
well this Mysterio work
and as soon as the run with great
temperature you know it's got all that
nasty Coon
mmm flush down my baby over there at
that house he's a real nice guy sure as
hell can't remember his name he's a real
nice guy he came over while I was doing
this and I guess he's got some money he
said he just sold his Harley comes and
their rides anymore he's asking me my
advice on whether I like the new Mustang
or in the Camaro or a new challenger and
I thought to myself well I'm one I ask I
don't have the money getting any of them
but I told him for my money I wouldn't
if I was doing not sure if I wouldn't
buy anything with a v6 in it and I'd go
for the Challenger I think it's gonna
have a lot more collectability down the
road with a Hemi of course that's just
my opinion but ok folks this concludes
this episode of fix that car so you guys
later